"I am your caretaker," he said. "I'll watch over you and protect you from the
evils of the world in exchange for your innocence."

I wondered what this would entail. What was I losing? What was he protecting me
from? Which was worse? My thoughts went on like this for some time, all mixed
up.

I awoke into pain and cold, any warmth long gone, under the bed. How
did I get here again? It's not safe. The only safe place is the closet in the
basement. No one ever looks there.

I fled there and curled up among loose clothing piled on the concrete floor.
Shame. Guilt. Me. Clothing. All mixed up.

---

"I am your guardian," she said. "I'll raise you and provide for your needs in
exchange for your security."

I wondered what this would entail. What would she do with my security? What
would she provide to me? Why was everything an exchange of this for that? Did
some law of physics demand it? My thoughts went on like this for some time, all
mixed up.

I awoke into terror, pursued. I was running. She was chasing, wanting to kill
me. Why? I can't retreat to the basement now, while being pursued; it would
forfeit the safety of that place for times when I needed it. There was nowhere
to go except down, to be followed by fists and shoes attached to limbs.
Conservation of energy.

She exited, crying. I remained, all mixed up.

---

"I am your supervisor," he said. "I'll guide you to the next stage in exchange
for your morals."

I wondered what this would entail. I didn't really want there to be a next
stage. I was also too tired to put up a fight. "So I teach people to kill
without thinking about it?" I asked. "It's easier when you don't think about
it," he responded.

"That sounds great," I said, all mixed up.

I awoke to blood on my hands. Had I been thrashing in my sleep again? Or had my
dreams and realities finally converged? Who I am hurting? I can't even tell any
longer. There is no basement here; I'd left it behind. I guess that's what they
mean by the next stage.

I never wanted to live long enough to carry out the same crimes that had been
committed against me. To transition from the perpetrated to the perpetrator.
Yet I remained, all mixed up.