(no image here - will be Ben's cursor blinking on the screen)
Ben: I had a dream last night.
In it, we were both still young,



(1. Zoe checking her phone.  Seen from behind, over her shoulder, angled slightly down.  We cannot see her face.  Surrounded by darkness, illuminated by the phone's screen.)
Zoe: exchanging words to cross the void
that separates us still.



(2. Ben sitting in a rolling/office-style chair facing a large computer monitor.  His back is to us, we cannot see his face.  Surrounded by darkness, illuminated by the monitor's glow.  Perhaps some items on the desk (energy drink cans, headphones, etc.) are somewhat discernible.)
Ben: Innocent of the fate of adulthood,


(3. Zoe's hand holding her phone.  It shows the lock screen with a notification that reads "1 new message from Ben".)
Zoe: I thought it marvelous
your words should reach me.



(4. Similar to image#2, but Ben is now looking up, as though into the sky/the distance.  His back is still to us, but we can see the side of his face.)
Ben: I awoke with an understanding of the distance


(no image here - it will quickly fade out image#4)
Zoe: and you no closer for it.


(5. much closer to Ben now, we can see his face, his hands on the keyboard, the monitor is displaying one of his emails to Zoe (three lines of poem); he is smiling)
Ben: Still, we believed
with all our hearts,


(6. Zoe allowing a monarch butterfly to rest on her outstretched arm; she is smiling)
Zoe: the time we shared,
the connection we made,


(7. Ben lying in bed but on top of the covers.  His laptop is next to him in bed; the light from the screen illuminates his body.  He is lying on his side, facing his laptop.)
Ben: it was real.  I know it.


(8. Zoe lying in bed but on top of the covers.  Her laptop is next to her in bed, similar to Ben's.  The key difference is that the positions of Ben's laptop and Zoe's laptop, and thus Ben and Zoe, are flipped, suggesting that if the images were overlaid, they would be in the same bed, each lying on their side looking at the other.)
Zoe: As I know that having you in this world


(no image here - spoken dialog over a black screen)
Ben & Zoe: has meant so much to me.