There were at least three ways that I had envisioned it ending.

Each possible scenario begins the same – I'm climbing a utility ladder, slowly
raising one hand over the other, cautiously securing one foot and then lifting
the other over it.

The ladder is rough to the touch and cold from the wind that is causing the
tower to twist and sway more and more as I climb higher. I am aware that
climbing this structure, at night no less, is exceedingly dangerous; I am aware
that a fall would be fatal. I just need to climb a few more rungs to make it to
the maintenance booth at the top where he is waiting.

I pull myself into the maintenance booth just in time to watch him jump. I am
too late. My legs stop working; I collapse in the booth. Darkness envelopes.

---


There were at least three ways that I had envisioned it ending.

Each possible scenario begins the same – I'm climbing a utility ladder, slowly
raising one hand over the other, cautiously securing one foot and then lifting
the other over it.

Pulling myself into the booth, I can see that he is standing with his back to
me, leaning on the railing, looking up at the sky. "Why are you here?" he asks
in an accusatory tone as I stand shakily.

"I'm here because I care about you," I say plainly. He seems unimpressed.

"I don't care about me," he asserts, his back still turned. "...and they don't,
either."

He is referring, no doubt, to the things he hears, or experiences in some
extra-sensory fashion. He has told me about this many times in the past.

"What do you mean?" I ask. "Who are they?"

"The impulses. They're not people with names or voices. They don't even have
words or vocabulary. But, they get their point across. And they are very loud."

"Mm." I pause for a moment. "You've described this to me before."

"They don't care about me," he continues, his voice more acrid and angry than
before. "They exist in and of me, but pay no regard to me like unwelcome
tenants of my mind. There are so many of them sometimes and they can be so
loud. You know what I mean by loud. Loud isn't the word. It's not audible noise
or even psychic noise in the audible sense. It's more like..."

As he is searching for the word, I reach out, and place my right hand on the
railing about a foot away from his left. "Don't touch me!" he screams,
recoiling. There's very little room for error up here, especially with him as
volatile as he is. Another wrong move on either of our parts could literally
send him toppling off the edge.

"I care about you," I whisper.

He stares at me for a long time after this, his focus gradually narrowing to a
squint. Finally, he replies coldly, "But you can't stop them."

"How does this end?" I ask.

"I don't know." he admits.

---

I pull myself into the maintenance booth to find him sitting curled up, hugging
his shins, leaning against the metal grating to his side. After taking a moment
to collect myself, I sit down opposite him in the booth, which is only a few
feet away given the cramped quarters. He peers at me from sunken-in eyes,
taking in my presence atop the tower and what that means. Some time passes like
this without either of us speaking.

Eventually, I opt to break the silence. "Why are you up here?"

He remains motionless, but I hear him sigh gently. His eyes are no longer
focused on me, but rather flit back and forth, as though scanning through
various explanations somewhere in front of him.

I let him do this for several seconds before asking again, "Why are you up
here?"

His eyelids close, and I hear him inhale through his nose before stating,
"Because I want to die."

"But you're still here," I observe. "You haven't hurled yourself from this
height yet, you haven't blown your brains out, and if your intention was to
freeze yourself to death up here, you'll need to wait several more months."
Though his eyes remain closed and his body, motionless, I know he is weighing
what I've just said.

"You're still here," I repeat, "and I know you're scared of yourself, your
past, and your future – the things you've done and the hours you've yet to
face. I know you dance with depression and come back to the thought of killing
yourself every so often. I know this because I know you."

"I could be mad at you for putting me through the stress of your suicidal
ideation when you're down, or for treating me like shit when you’re upset, but
look, I wouldn't have climbed this damn thing if I didn't see anything
redeemable in you. Besides, at the end of the day, the tower ends up crumbling
to the ground taking us all with it one way or another, so the least we can do
is enjoy each other's company while we're both still here."

He opens his eyes as I am crawling across the metal grating towards him. "So,
please, just hold onto me a little longer. Keep me company a little longer and
I'll stay here with you to ride out this rough spot and the next."